#labels Featured
<H1>JavaIDEdroid history</H1>

<h2> version 2.0.1 (14.03.2013) </h2>
<ul>
<li>New: Starting with this version the free and the PRO version have been merged. The PRO features are available if you have installed the old PRO version (1.x) or the new PRO key 2.x</li>
<li>New: Very small projects are now also supported in the free version. You can also use the project templates to create a new project.</li>
<li>New: Time log can be activated for a project, so you can see how much time you spent developing the project. The current elapsed time is shown in the project tab and the time log is written to the storage card when the project is closed.</li>
<li>New (PRO): APKs can now be signed with a certificate from your truststore (JKS or BKS)</li>
<li>New (PRO): dx now supports the 'incremental' option</li>
<li>New: Option for dexlibs directory</li>
<li>Bugfix: The field 'Project APK' was not saved persistently. Now fixed.</li>
</ul>

<h2> version 1.7.2 (14.03.2013) </h2>
<ul>
<li>New (PRO): Supports activation of the PRO features of the new JavaIDEdroid 2.x</li>
</ul>

<h2> version 1.7.1 (28.11.2012) </h2>
<ul>
<li>New (PRO): VIEW Intent filter for files with extension .jip</li>
<li>Modified: Replaced VIEW Intent filter text/x-beanshell with VIEW Intent filter for files with extension .bsh. The MIME type text/x-beanshell is no longer needed and no longer supported.</li>
<li>Bugfix: Fixed bug in VIEW Intent processing</li>
<li>Bugfix: SavedInstanceState is now handled properly. The SEND Intent is no longer executed on re-create.</li>
</ul>

<h2> version 1.7.0 (15.11.2012) </h2>
<ul>
<li>New (PRO): Option for automatically re-open the last used project on program start</li>
<li>Modified: Projects can now be opened without closing the current project first</li>
<li>Bugfix: In BeanShell scripts you can now also use accented characters (e.g. german umlauts). Scripts must be saved with UTF-8 encoding.</li>
<li>Bugfix: When user aborts a task the script output was not shown. Fixed now.</li>
</ul>

<H2> version 1.6.0 (11.10.2012) </H2>
<UL>
<LI>New (PRO): dx now supports merging of dex files. This will help with the out-of-memory exceptions when dexing large jar libraries because too large libraries can now be dexed on the PC and then merged on the Android device.</LI>
<LI>Modified (PRO): The default scripts have been modified to support dex merging</LI>
<LI>New (PRO): !DexMerger tool and G.ide.fnDexMerger method</LI>
<LI>New: History activity</LI>
<LI>New: After the first installation of the app the help activity is shown, after updates, the history activity is shown</LI>
<LI>New: App can now be installed on sdcard </LI>
<LI>New: Screen (device) stays on during execution of !BeanShell and Tool tasks</LI>
<LI>Bugfix: Default settings were not shown when Setting activity was displayed for the first time. Fixed now.</LI>
<LI>Bugfix: Background tasks can now be properly cancelled by checking G.bshTask.isCancelled() in the !BeanShell scripts</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 1.5.0 (12.01.2012) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New (PRO): Support for multiple project templates</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): Menuitem for installing APK </LI>
<LI> New (PRO): Project variable for APK filepath </LI>
<LI> New (PRO): Create dir in project file manager </LI>
<LI> New (PRO): Delete dir in project file manager </LI>
<LI> New (PRO): Rename file/dir in project file manager </LI>
<LI> New: Context menu in !BeanShell and Tools tab (Top, Bottom, Copy to clipboard) </LI>
<LI> New: Option for auto-scroll-to-bottom after script execution </LI>
<LI> New: Option for fullscreen mode </LI>
<LI> Modified: Made several layout changes to gain space on screen (tab height, fullscreen, run script button) </LI>
<LI> Modified: On errors, the complete stack trace is now logged to catlog. </LI>
<LI> Modified: Refactoring of !SettingActivity </LI>
<LI> Modified (PRO): Default scripts are now in /sdcard/.JavaIDEdroid/xx/ where xx is the version code (see Infos activity)</LI>
<LI> Modified: !FileBrowser now only accepts matching picks</LI>
<LI> Modified: Removed deprecated message from !ApkBuilder</LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Fixed potential crash in background processes </LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Added fillViewport in !InfoActivity </LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Added catch for !ActivityNotFoundException </LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Fixed a display bug in the recent file list</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 1.4.1 (23.12.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> Modified: Updated zipsigner-lib to 1.11 to make it work again on Android 2.3.6 </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 1.4.0 (04.11.2011) </H2>
<P> First PRO release</P>
<UL>
<LI> New: added info activity that shows package information</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added project definition files to store project specific information </LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added template project zip that is used to create a new skeleton project.</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added !BeanShell access to project infos through G.oPrj class instance</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added recent project file list to quickly re-open project definition files</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added filemanager to browse, view/open, edit and delete project files and run !BeanShell scripts.</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added customizable, quick change directory to filemanager</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added default compile and build scripts. They access the information in the project file and therefore work for almost every project.</LI>
<LI> New (PRO): added project menu items to start the default scripts. If the default scripts are copied to the project root dir (and then possibly modified), the menu items will start them from there.</LI>
<LI> Modified: Replaced OI Filemanager with internal file browser </LI>
<LI> Modified: Replaced G.oSet.stDefaultStartDir with G.oSet.stDevRootDir</LI>
<LI> Modified: Common help file for free and PRO version</LI>
<LI> Modified: Replaced some Toast messages with !AlertDialog dialogs</LI>
<LI> Modified: Changed output directory in scripts from out/ to bin/</LI>
<LI> Modified (STD): Replaced Donate Activity with Upgrade Activity</LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Added check for missing working directory (missing sdcard)</LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Some Error / warning messages referenced already closed or hidden Activities. Fixed now.</LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Pressing the back button does not close the app anymore</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 1.2.0 (21.09.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Option for log level, with which the amount of logcat messages can be controlled </LI>
<LI> Modified: logcat messages now have a time stamp</LI>
<LI> New: more logcat messages</LI>
<LI> New: intent filter for android.intent.action.VIEW added. Use e.g. ASTRO filemanager to define MIME type text/x-beanshell and associate it with the extension .bsh. Now, clicking on a .bsh file starts JavaIDEdroid and passes the script path.</LI>
<LI> New: G.iScriptResultCode variable with which the script can report back its result code.</LI>
<LI> New: Better integration with other Android apps: !ScriptAutoRun, !ScriptAutoExit, !WantResultText extra values for intent filter android.intent.action.SEND; !ScriptResultCode, !ScriptResultText extra values in result intent</LI>
<LI> New: added !DonateActivity with link to [https://market.android.com/details?id=com.t_arn.JavaIDEdroidDonate !JavaIDEdroidDonate] for those who want to make a donation</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 1.1.1 (31.08.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Password Activity allows to set temporary passwords which can be accessed in !BeanShell scripts</LI>
<LI> New: Option to log output to a file</LI>
<LI> New: Option for default directory when browsing for scripts</LI>
<LI> New: Options for variables that can be used in scripts: stAndroidJarPath, stBshVar1, stBshVar2, stBshVar3, stBshVar4, stBshVar5</LI>
<LI> New: Added german language files</LI> 
<LI> Bugfix: Intent example in help file corrected. </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 1.0.1 (25.08.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> Bugfix: Corrected help file. </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 1.0.0 (22.08.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Aapt native lib integrated. </LI>
<LI> New: Added intent action 'android.intent.action.SEND' so that JavaIDEdroid's !BeanShell scripts can be started from other apps.</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.7.3 (12.08.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Modified dx.jar and sdklib.jar to not call System.exit() anymore </LI>
<LI> Modified: Removed !ExitSecurityManager which threw an Exception on Android 2.3 and higher (!ExitSecurityManager is no longer supported on Android 2.3 and higher) </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.7.2 (08.08.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Added G.class which provides access to global variables and methods. NOTE: Due to this change you will nee to adjust your !BeanShell Scripts! See the built-in help to learn more </LI>
<LI> New: Made new build batch files for production and test </LI>
<LI> Modified: Removed IntelliJ project files </LI>
<LI> New: APK is now signed with proper certificate </LI>
<LI> New: Added disclaimer to help </LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Output was deleted on screen orientation change. Fixed now.</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.7.1 (30.06.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Options screen now allows to set font size and font type </LI>
<LI> Modified: better scrolling </LI>
<LI> Modified: Reduced the application permissions to WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.7.0 (02.06.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> Modified: Tasks now run in a separate thread </LI>
<LI> New: While the tasks run, a !ProgressDialog is showed</LI>
<LI> New: fnPublishProgress and fnToast methods in !BeanShell scripts</LI>
<LI> Modified: Code refactoring (eliminated !GenericAndroidTextArea and IGenericTextArea, replaced !GenericTextAreaOutputStream with !StringWriterOutputStream</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.6.2 (21.05.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> Modified: fnCompile() does not use the !ExitSecurityManager any more. </LI>
<LI> Bugfix: fnCompile() always returned -1. Fixed now. It now returns 0 on OK, 1 on compilation warnings, 2 on compilation errors or 3 on other errors.</LI>
<LI> Bugfix: Fixed the help message of !ZipSigner</LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.6.1 (20.05.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Ken Ellinwoods Zipsigner-lib integrated. </LI>
<LI> Modified: The public methods of IDE now return exit codes. </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.5.1 (17.05.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: !ApkBuilder integrated. Only unsigned APKs can be created. </LI>
<LI> Modified: Only 2 tabs anymore: The !BeanShell tab and a Tools tab where you can call all available tools directly </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.4.1 (11.05.2011) </H2>
<UL>
<LI> New: Some logs to !CatLog </LI>
<LI> Modified: !BeanShell recompiled for target 1.5, so we get rid of the compilation warnings.</LI>
<LI> Modified: The last picked script file is remembered </LI>
</UL>

<H2> version 0.4.0 (04.05.2011) </H2>
<P> First public release </P>