#summary This is how you get started with JavaIDEdroid 2.x
#labels Featured

 # Get the latest version of JavaIDEdroid from the Google Play and install it
 # Start JavaIDEdroid, choose 'Settings' in the menu and set the develop root directory
 # Read the built-in help, even if you never read manuals :-)

Create your first Android app:
 # Choose 'Create new project' in the Project Menu
 # Enter the name of the project
 # Enter or choose the path of the project root directory. If you use the browse button, you will have to enter the last directory of the path manually.
 # Click on 'Create dir structure from template'
 # Choose the !HelloWorld.zip template and tap on 'OK'
 # Choose your main Activity Java file.
 # Click on 'Save'
 # Choose 'Compile and build project APK' from the Project Menu
 # Change to the directory where your .apk file was created
 # Long-click the .apk file, choose 'View/open file', install it with the offered package manager and run it.

<b>Make sure you save your files in ANSI (iso-8859-1 / latin-1 / win1252) format!</b> For XML files I recommend to also use iso-8859-1 encoding and specify this at the beginning of the files.

<BR/>The built-in editor is a very, very simple editor only. Also, the android.jar that comes together with JavaIDEdroid supports only API level 8. So, you might want to download some more stuff from the Internet:
 # Download and install a text editor like Jota+ or !DroidEdit
 # Download the Android SDK, extract the android.jar for all platforms you need and put them on the storage card of your device. You can also get some android.jar from the external download area of this site
 # In the 'Settings' set the default android.jar path to where you copied it, for example /sdcard/AndroidSDK/android-17.jar
 # Download the Ant module if you want use Ant. See the HowToUseAnt to learn how to use it on Android

<BR/>If you need more help to get started, get yourself a tutorial app, for example:
  * https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.widevision.android
  * https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aviyehuda.androidcard2