#summary List of the additional features in the PRO version
#labels Featured

The PRO version supports all features of the free version plus following additional features:
 # *Project definition files:* Allows to define project specific information for every project.
 # *Default scripts:* Due to the project definition files, it is now possible to use default !BeanShell scripts for compiling and building. So, you no longer have to create custom scripts for all your projects (you still can if you want). The default scripts come with the PRO version and can be started from the project menu.
 # *Project templates:* When creating a new project definition files, you can tell the app to create a skeleton project for you, based on one of your templates.
 # *Recent project list:* Allows to quickly re-open recent projects
 # *Project filemanager:* Allows you to browse all your project files and open, edit, rename, delete and run (only .bsh files) them. There is a 'Directory list' button that lets you quickly change to another subdirectory of the project. You can also create, rename and delete directories here.
 # *Project menu:* Allows you compile/build the project and install the APK directly from a menu option
 # *DexMerger:* Allows you to pre-dex large jar libraries on the PC and then only merge the dex files on the Android device. This prevents out-of-memory exceptions during dexing of large libs.

For more details see the online version of the built-in help file: http://java-ide-droid.googlecode.com/files/help-en_1-6-0.html